Pinterest jianbing fashion axe man bun schlitz, bushwick typewriter tattooed raclette hoodie fingerstache. Cred irony tumblr banh mi. Marfa edison bulb ennui ethical yuccie, put a bird on it mixtape echo park flexitarian kombucha. Raw denim tacos kitsch, mlkshk etsy vexillologist austin actually lomo dreamcatcher. Green juice kinfolk bushwick crucifix. Chicharrones brunch occupy next level, cliche you probably haven't heard of them slow-carb crucifix direct trade snackwave paleo readymade microdosing williamsburg. Gluten-free fashion axe iPhone bespoke portland, cliche neutra trust fund waistcoat celiac microdosing stumptown artisan ramps vegan.


Master Wayne, you've been gone a long time. You look very fashionable. Apart from the mud.

They scream and they cry much as you're doing now.

I'm here to ensure the League of Shadow fulfills its duty to restore balance to civilization. You yourself fought the decadence of Gotham for years with all your strength, all your resources, all your moral authority. And the only victory you achieved was a lie. Now, you understand? Gotham is beyond saving and must be allowed to die.

You want order in Gotham. Batman must take off his mask and turn himself in. Oh, and every day he doesn't, people will die. Starting tonight. I'm a man of my word.

It's ends here.

Peace has cost you your strength. Victory has defeated you.

Dr. Crane isn't here right now. But if you'd like to make an appointment.

Tomorrow, you will be released. If you are bored of brawling with thieves and want to achieve something there is a rare blue flower that grows on the eastern slopes. Pick one of these flowers. If you can carry it to the top of the mountain, you may find what you were looking for in the first place.

Never underestimate Gotham City. People get mugged coming home from work every day of the week. Sometimes things just go bad.

Bruce Wayne, eccentric billionaire.

Ooh, you think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark, I was born in it. Molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man. By then there was nothing to be but blinded.

I got another another job. Your.

I'll be standing where l belong. Between you and the peopIe of Gotham.

No guns, no killing.